[AEA-722] connections readme added (#1553)
fetchai/agents-aea: packages/fetchai/connections/soef/readme.md

> # SOEF connection
> OEF like simplified protocol version connection to register/unregister and perform agents lookups over the external server.
> 
> ## Usage
> Register/unregister services, perform searches for agents using soef protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# SOEF connection
The SOEF connection is used to connect to an SOEF node. The SOEF provides OEF services of register/unregister and search.

## Usage
First, add the connection to your AEA project: `aea add connection fetchai/soef:0.5.0`. Then ensure the `config` in `connection.yaml` matches your need. In particular, make sure `chain_identifier` matches your `default_ledger`.

To register/unregister services and perform searches use the `fetchai/oef_search:0.3.0` protocol
```
